## Mapping model from allure-json/xml to allure-reporter to JAMA

Allure-json/xml Field | Purpose and considerations | JSON/XML Example | JEE | Angular (use systelab-components-test) | NUnit| Allure-reporter | JAMA 
--- | --- | --- | --- |--- | --- | --- | --- 
tms | 	Name of the Test Case or ID ('documentKey') in JAMA. It must be the same as the Test Case name in Jama. We highly recommend you not to use the TmsLink for additional traceability purposes. It's better to keep it simple so that it is maintainable | as links field name. See below.  "links": [    {      "name": "TC1234_Formulas",      "type": "tms"    } | @TmsLink("MLG_TC1086_LAB...") | allure.addLabel('tms', tms); await TestUtil.init('TC0003_PatientManagement_Allergy_e2e', 'Purpose: This TC is intended to verify the CRUD of a Patient', GeneralParameters.appVersion, GeneralParameters.USERNAME); | [AllureTms] | Test Case Name (title). In case of using TC ID, just ID will appear as Title (Name should be set inside of Feature text).  | Test Case "Name" or "ID" ('documentKey', not GlobalID)
feature | Description of the Test Case. You can also add additional information as text such as preconditions, environment, etc. | as labels field name. See below. "labels": [        {      "name": "feature",      "value": "Goal: This test case is intended to verify the correct calculation of the different Statistical Calculations….\nEnvironment: …\nPreconditions: N\A" }] | @Feature("Goal: This test case is intended to verify...") | allure.addLabel('feature', feature); | [AllureFeature] | Test Case Additional Information such as Goal, Preconditions or Environment | N/A - This information is usually set in the field "Description" of the TC (but now there is not synchronization of content)
status | Status of the Test Run such as Passed, Blocked or Failed | "status": "passed", | - | - | - | Test Case status icon | Test Run Status (all steps inherit it). 
tester | Test Executor as the user name of a CSW employee doing Log In on JAMA through Allure Reporter. | - | - | - | - | - | Test Run "Assigned to" (The user logged into Jama) 
actualResults | Label actualResults |“labels”:[{ “name”: “actualResults”,  “value”: “Executed all steps with positive results….” | TBD | allure.addLabel('actualResults', version); | AllureLifecycle.Instance.WrapInStep(() => { doLogin()},$"Action: Perform Login"); | The Actual Results label is displayed below the Test case Description	| "Actual Results" field in the Test Run  
steps - actions | Step Action in the Test Case. You must enter the action to perform. |  "steps": [    {      "name": "Perform Login",      "status": "passed",      "stage": "finished",      "start": 1541509690027,      "stop": 1541509697546,      "steps": [        {          "name": "The patient is properly created",          "status": "passed",          "stage": "finished", | @Description("Execute the Performance ...") |  it('Create Allergies', async () => { | [Description] |  Step Action (2nd column in the table) | N/A                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        
steps - expected results or sub-actions | Step Expected Result or Action in the Test Case.You can use Step("Action: ...") to identify that a step is an Action. Otherwise, all the @Steps will be considered as Expected Results.Consider that it may be nested Steps.All the Expected Results are documented just once, for each type of object. | "steps": [    {      "name": "Action: Create 1 patient",      "status": "passed",      "stage": "finished",      "start": 1541509690027,      "stop": 1541509697546,      "steps": [        {          "name": "The patient is properly created",          "status": "passed",          "stage": "finished", | @Step("Field {0} must be {1}") @Step("Action: Perform Login") |  await allure.createStep('Number of allergies ...',async () {}(); await because('All fields are evaluated as expected').expect(Promise.resolve(row[3])).toEqual(a.comments); | AllureLifecycle.Instance.WrapInStep(() => {},$"Action:{})| Step Expected Result or Action in the Test Case (2nd or 3rd column in the table) | N/A 
Other custom Labels |  The intent is to add custom labels to report the version build, tester, test execution date and time. And other information such as the browser. | label name='appVersion' value='Version 1.4 (build 20)'label name=’tester’ value=’opuig’… | TBD | allure.addLabel('appVersion', version); allure.addLabel('tester', user); allure.addLabel('testExecutionDateTime',  new Date().toLocaleString()); | AllureLifecycle.UpdateTestCase(x =>x.labels.Add(new Label("label", content) | All the labels added to the JSON/XML will be displayed below the Test Case Description (after the steps table) | N/A 

